[DOCS] Adds the 8.0.0-alpha2 release notes (#111648)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/

Review important information about the {kib} 8.0.0 releases.

* <<release-notes-8.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<release-notes-8.0.0-alpha1>>

--

[[release-notes-8.0.0-alpha2]]
== {kib} 8.0.0-alpha2

coming::[8.0.0-alpha2]

Review the {kib} 8.0.0-alpha2 changes, then use the <<upgrade-assistant,Upgrade Assistant>> to complete the upgrade.

[float]
[[breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha2]]
=== Breaking changes

> Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and performance. Review the following breaking changes, then mitigrate the impact to your appilication.

Reviewer: s/mitigrate/mitigate/
s/appilication/application/
```suggestion
Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and performance. Review the following breaking changes, then mitigate the impact to your application.
```

*Impact* +
When you upgrade, remove `kibana.defaultAppId` from your kibana.yml file. To configure the default route for users when they enter a space, use the <<defaultroute,`defaultRoute`>> in *Advanced Settings*.
====
      
[discrete]
[[breaking-109350]]
.Removes `courier:batchSearches`
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The deprecated `courier:batchSearches` setting in *Advanced Settings* has been removed. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}109350[#109350].

*Impact* +
When you upgrade, the `courier:batchSearches` setting will no longer be available.
====
      
[discrete]
[[breaking-108111]]
.Removes `xpack.task_manager.index`
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The deprecated `xpack.task_manager.index` setting in kibana.yml has been removed. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}108111[#108111].

*Impact* +
When you upgrade, remove `xpack.task_manager.index` from your kibana.yml file.
====
      
[discrete]
[[breaking-108103]]
.Removes dashboard-only mode
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
The legacy dashboard-only mode has been removed. For more information, refer to {kibana-pull}108103[#108103].

*Impact* +

> When you upgrade, the legacy dashboard-only mode will no longer be available.

Reviewer: This is a breaking change that is shared by the Kibana App team and the Kibana Platform Security team.

The App team made the changes to actually remove dashboard only mode in 8.0-alpha2.
The Platform Security team is going to submit changes for 7.16 to surface this in the upgrade assistant (see #111160), but at this point in time the upgrade assistant does not mention it.

Our intention is to surface a warning in the upgrade assistant when we detect that the `kibana_dashboard_only_user` role is being used, and let users know they can use Kibana Privileges to create an equivalent custom role instead.

With that in mind: do you think we should change this release note? It currently reads very bluntly.

Author: @jportner the content in this breaking change only applies to 8.0.0-alpha2, and  the 7.16.0-specific content should only appear in the 7.16.0 release notes. 

For 8.0.0-alpha2, is there a work around we can add?

Reviewer: > @jportner the content in this breaking change only applies to 8.0.0-alpha2, and the 7.16.0-specific content should only appear in the 7.16.0 release notes.

:+1:

> For 8.0.0-alpha2, is there a work around we can add?

In 8.0+, users should use [Kibana privileges](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/kibana-role-management.html#adding_kibana_privileges) to create an equivalent role that only has access to the Dashboard application within Kibana.

====

For the {kib} 8.0.0-alpha1 breaking changes, refer to <<breaking-changes-8.0.0,Breaking changes>>.

//end::notable-breaking-changes[]
      
[float]
[[features-8.0.0-alpha2]]
=== Features
The 8.0.0-alpha2 release adds the following new and notable feature.

Security::
* Adds the interactive setup mode {kibana-pull}106881[#106881]
      
[float]
[[enhancement-v8.0.0-alpha2]]
=== Enhancements
The 8.0.0-alpha2 release includes the following enhancements.

Elastic Security::
For the Elastic Security 8.0.0-alpha2 release information, refer to {security-guide}/release-notes.html[_Elastic Security Solution Release Notes_].
Security::
* Interactive setup mode {kibana-pull}106881[#106881]

[float]
[[fixes-v8.0.0-alpha2]]
=== Bug fix
The 8.0.0-alpha2 release includes the following bug fix.

Operations::
* Moves systemd service to /usr/lib/systemd/system {kibana-pull}83571[#83571]

[[release-notes-8.0.0-alpha1]]
== {kib} 8.0.0-alpha1

Review the {kib} 8.0.0-alpha1 changes, then use the <<upgrade-assistant,Upgrade Assistant>> to complete the upgrade.

[float]
[[breaking-changes-8.0.0]]
=== Breaking changes

> Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and performance. Review the breaking changes, then mitigrate the impact to your appilication. 

Reviewer: s/mitigrate/mitigate/
s/appilication/application/
```suggestion
Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and performance. Review the breaking changes, then mitigate the impact to your application. 
```
